Okay, where were we? um...
Oh.
My favorite Japanese food is tempura. I like tempura.
and sukiyaki but I've hardly ever had sukiyaki.
I've had it at a Japanese restaurant once, and I think um
Yeah. I haven't had it very often.
had what?
Haah. I'm not sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh. Yeah. You have eat tempura with rice and you dip it.
And you let it drip in the rice and then it gives you more flavor, in rice.
As you think sukiyaki. It's a little bit like Japan Chinese hot pot if you ever went on one of the
Hot Pot restaurant were you get like three or two or three kind of soup.
or... and you get food and you stick it in there. You let it cooked and take it out and eat it.
or you take out some of the broth and... Jackie's a little like that but...
Yeah.
Oh.
Too dangerous. Go to Taiwan instead. It's better there.
I'm hearing some bad stories that came from China right now.
We got...
It's a little bit, kind of an um
okay, it's just...
it's...
We'll see, but you're Asian, you'll blend in. So...
Oh, by the way, that's not as traditional as other, they've sort of got their own culture, right?
Oh. Really? Oh, interesting. It's like the San Francisco... um...
No. All I know about it is we've had exchanges from Chongqing before.
And we've had other teachers and they go, oh, people from Chongqing are so crazy.
Oh, but it's a great place to go shopping.
I haven't watched any video.
Chongqing
The Jetson in the sky line looks like here.
Have you ever watched that show, The Jetsons? Where they have all these ramps and things everywhere.
Wow!
Very strange.
So they like stop working and dance like
Oh.
Like dance their way over to your table and give you your food and dance away.
mmh
Oh, that's coming up. How long are you gonna be there for? How long will you be there?
Oh! That's pretty short. Wow.
What is your one main place where they go?
Oh.